---
title: 2023 Week 21
date: 2023-05-30
tags:
- Weeknotes
---

# Week 21

## My Week

This week was a bit busier with two planned office days. Had an insightful conversation about my pension and future financial situation which made me think about whether I should consider purchasing property or keep renting.

Had a fun pizza workshop at work where we made original Napolitan pizza. They also offered a "Pizza Marinara" option which only used tomato sauce, oregano and olive oil. Perfect for plant-based me, and it was delicious!

Another adventure happened. Recently I've been following Samurai Matcha on YouTube and I became very inspired by his content. I saw that he was making a trip through Europe, and I invited him to stay with me if he was in the neighborhood. To my great surprise he emailed me the next day!

He stayed with me and we had a great time together. He performed a tea ceremony with delicious matcha tea for me, and we visited the Japanese Fair in Leiden together. Good times!

## Exercise & Weight Loss

I discovered MAF training and it has been a gamechanger! My buddy Patriek nudged me in the right direction by commenting on my relatively low heart rate during training, and I started researching more. 

I wrote [this artcile](/zet/discovered-maf-training/) on the topic.

## Content Consumption

### Reading

Started reading "The Endurance Handbook" by Dr. Maffetone

### Watching

This video was super insightful for my running:

https://youtu.be/P_VNQ6UIbS8

This video is super inspiring because he actually runs a 3 hour marathon while recording!

Podcast interview with dr. Maffetone about Heart Rate Training, Nutrition and Recovery

https://youtu.be/_TPrenWWK9U

Very inspiring to see what a Japanese person usually eats, especially the portion sizes:

https://youtu.be/-jDsUyquBxI

### Listening

An insightful podcast on the toxicity of materials that we use every day:

https://youtu.be/945iqkuHxB8

Run Longer, Go Further! Unlock Your Potential.

>Consistency is the key to endurance. We all have unlimited potential.

https://youtu.be/cgi-WvN7LWQ

## Links

https://blueprint.bryanjohnson.co/#blueprint-starter-guide

# Next Week

## Goals & Intentions

- [ ] Look more into hydration
- [ ] Start tracking sodium intake
- [ ] Improve sleep score: prioritize sleep at all times
- [ ] Test out meal prep and repetitive meals routine
- [ ] 21:00 wind down time
- [ ] 5 runs all in MAF zone
- [ ] 160+ average SPM
- [ ] Make food calculation sheet
- [ ] No Refined Carbs


## Links:

202305301905
