---
title: 2023 week 41
date: 2023-10-16
tags:
- weeknotes
---

The second week on my new assignment and now that I have my accounts and everything is up and running I can start being productive. I took up a story to upgrade all the AKS clusters to the latest version and it is posing all sorts of interesting challenges.

I'm tempted to just work non stop because it is interesting but I'm trying to stop myself and do something else instead.

I'm playing MTG: Arena almost every day now for about an hour to grind out the daily quests and I'm getting a lot of enjoyment out of it.
## Exercise & Weight Loss

The transition to minimalist footwear is going strong, did 5 runs of about 4.7km without any problems so I can bump it up to daily 5k's again next week.

I'm also slowly but consistently losing weight again.  I was 83kg when I came back from holiday and I averaged 81,15 this week.
## Content Consumption

### Reading

Finished the Last Kingdom and progressed into The Pale Horseman. The tale is just as gripping as the first time I read it and I look forward to going to bed every night and reading about Uthred's adventures.

### Watching

Watching quite a lot of MTG Arena content. 4-11 I have my first IRL drafting event so I'm trying to prepare by learning the basics of limited play and drafting, and studying the current Wilds of Enraine set.

### Listening

Listened to this podcast episode with [Lex Fridman](https://www.linkedin.com/in ACoAAAB0ur4B2dLbFAHKCLO0VHtal_ilBhaBFxM) and Mark Zuckerberg.

After 2 minutes I realised I had to see the video and I was amazed by how far VR technology has come. Although I'm not a particularly big fan of VR yet, I can appreciate its value and it will be interesting to see further development. Mark has undergone a lot of ridicule and criticism for the change to Meta and his persistence on the Metaverse despite declining revenue, but as you can see in the YouTube comments on the episode, people now think it is promising.

https://youtu.be/MVYrJJNdrEg?si=IrqgVPSe_KbCZUSN


## Links:

202310160710
