---
title: 2023 Week 17
date: 2023-04-30
tags:
- Weeknotes
---

# Week 17

## Reflection

It has been a good week. Thursday was a public holiday: King's Day. I spent it working on my new setup for making YouTube videos and doing a few chores. I let the festivities pass me by. I am more of a recluse. When I was younger I sometimes went to Amsterdam and joined the festivities. But now I derive no pleasure from large crowds of people consuming a lot of alcohol any longer. 

## Exercise & Weight Loss

I'm making good progress on my current weight loss goal. Here are the results since I started my latest weight loss period:

### 2023-04-16

Waist circumference: 83cm

78.6kg

17,5% Body Fat

### 2023-04-23

82.3cm

78.2kg

16.9%

### 2023-04-30

77.3kg

81cm

16,4%

The weight loss goal is currently taking up most of my head space. It takes a lot of effort to stay on track, fight off cravings and to consistently plan and weigh all of my food. However, 2 weeks into the regime, these actions are now slowly starting to become more habitual. Eventually this will become the new norm, and it will start happening automatically, costing less energy.

But I'm very happy to see that I lost 1kg and 1cm from the waist.

### Running

I completed week 2 of my base building schedule, and I'm making progress.

#### Week 16 - 1

- Easy Run 1 Mon 30min
- Easy Run 2 Wed 43min
- Easy Run 3 Thu 36,5min
- Easy Run 4 Sun 43min
- Long Run   Fri 50min

* Total distance: 26.15km

#### Week 17 - 2

- Easy Run 1 Mon 37min
- Easy Run 2 Tue 40min
- Easy Run 3 Wed 44min
- Easy Run 4 Thu 36min
- Long Run 5 Sat 60min

* Total distance: 28.09km

## Content Consumed

### Reading

I recently finished Can't Hurt Me by David Goggins which was very inspirational. Should write some notes on that soon.

Then I continued with Finding Ultra by Rich Roll. Enjoying it a lot so far.

I also started re-reading one of the best books on Buddhist practice in my opinion: [Uncommon Wisdom](https://www.forestdhamma.org/ebooks/english/pdf/Uncommon_Wisdom.pdf) by Ajahn Pannavadho. I've read this book 4 times already, but it is gold every single time.

I increased my meditation practice from 20 minutes to 40-90 minutes a day to help with food cravings and resting the mind. Ajahn Panna's emphasis on identifying discontentment and kilesas is a great aid in my practice currently.

### Watching

I saw [this video](https://youtu.be/OJ6n5wf84as) a year ago and it (re-)kindled the desire to start running. I've been watching it a few times for motivation and inspiration. 

I also watched a few videos on Diablo 2 Resurrected to prepare for the upcoming ladder reset. I don't really have time to game, but the ladder reset is always a fun time because everybody is poor and there is a better community spirit going on. I decided to make a character and do a playthrough to wind down a bit from the weight loss efforts.

There have been many changes to the game and it is fun to catch up on Terror Zones and the new runewords, and the new builds they enable.

### Listening

I listened to [The Golden Rules of Success](https://www.artofmanliness.com/character/advice/podcast-887-the-golden-rules-of-success/), but not much to take away from there. 

Otherwise I'm in a Dhamma phase, with increased meditation, so I've only been listening to Ajahn Amaro's daily reflections and the most recent talks by Ajahn Sumedho.

https://podcasts.apple.com/nl/podcast/amaravati-podcast-latest-dhamma-talks/id336829720

## Links

# Next Week

The upcoming week has a few intersting events:

* Sabaton concert on Wednesday evening. Looking forward to that!
* Diablo 2 Resurrected Ladder season 3 starts on Thursday
* rwxrob's 2023 Beginner Boost starts on Thursday

Other than that my main goals and intentions are:

- [ ] Sticking to the program
- [ ] 5 runs: 4 short 1 long
- [ ] Continue meditating 40-90 minutes a day


## Links:

202304301004
