---
title: 2023 week 19
date: 2023-05-16
tags:
- Weeknotes
---

# Week 19

It has been a good week. Very busy at work with AKS cluster maintenance, and I've been working some evenings. 

On Saturday I had a lovely dinner with a good friend from Norway who was passing through Amsterdam on his way back to Oslo from a trip to France. 

Recently I started planning my holiday to Norway, and this has awakened the outdoorsman in me again. In my 9 years in Norway I became a seasoned traveler of mountains and forests, often staying out for weeks, but after I moved back to the Netherlands and focused on changing my career to IT, this outdoorsman has lain dormant. 

Now I'm going through all my gear again and purchasing some missing pieces, because I donated some gear when I left Norway. Planning to do camping trips in the Netherlands as well!

I'll be [logging these trips on Tumblr.](/zet/started-using-tumblr/)

## Exercise & Weight Loss

After last week's plateau I increased the strictness of my protocols. I was very strict with counting calories this week and kept strictly to One Meal A Day, and it has had good effects. I lost 0,64kg this week and my average weight is 76,91 now. My goal is 75kg for this weight loss bout.

## Running

# Week 19

- Easy Run 1 Mon 43min
- Easy Run 2 Wed 41min
- Easy Run 3 Thu 44min
- Easy Run 4 Fri 47min
- Long Run Sun 77min - 10km for the first time!

* Total distance: 32,2km

I did 5 runs this week and I broke my personal record by running a [10k for the first time!](/zet/running-first-10k/)

## Content Consumption

### Reading

Came across this reddit post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/omad/comments/13a20pi/seneca_knew/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=3

This rekindled my interest in Stoicism. I've always been charmed by the Stoic philosophy and I implemented many elements of it in my own spiritual practice, consciously and unconsciously. But I now feel like taking a bit more structured approach towards an exploration of Stoicism. I'm particularly interested in seeing how it overlaps with my Buddhist practice.

The Daily Stoic website has been on my radar for a while, but I did some reading this week and it seems like a great resource. I signed up for the daily email:

https://dailystoic.com/dailyemail

I started reading Meditations by Marcus Aurelius.

#### Daily Stoic

The Daily Stoic emails have been very informative and provided an excellent reading list. 

Introduction to Stoicism:

"A brief synopsis on this particular school of
Hellenistic philosophy: Stoicism was founded in Athens
by Zeno of Citium in the early 3rd century BC, but
was famously practiced by the likes of Epictetus, Cato,
Seneca and Marcus Aurelius. The philosophy asserts
that virtue (such as wisdom) is happiness and judgment
should be based on behavior, rather than words. That
we don’t control and cannot rely on external events,
only ourselves and our responses."

#### Other

Voluntary poverty:

https://stoicjourney.org/2017/01/05/seneca-part-18-voluntary-poverty/

### Watching

An interesting video series about the Fjallraven brand:

https://youtu.be/4mSsYK7pAow

I've always been a fan of Norrona, but I'm falling head over heels in love with Fjallraven. I love the fact that they create products to last for generations. There are many instances of grandchildren inheriting pieces of gear from their grandfathers and continuing to use them. 

9 Stoic Rules For A Better Life (From Marcus Aurelius)

https://youtu.be/heh5XLwZVOY

### Listening

Ajahn Amaro's reading of "Being Dharma" fro Ajahn Chah

"This is really all there is. To put the Dharma into concise, succinct terms, there is suffering born and suffering passing away. Outside of this, there is nothing else. Suffering arises; suffering passes away."

## Links

https://roytang.net/

http://sawv.org/en.html

# Next Week

## Goals & Intentions

- [ ] 5 runs
- [ ] Go for overnight camping trip
- [ ] OMAD


## Links:

202305162105
