---
title: 2023 week 28
date: 2023-07-16
tags:
- weeknotes
---

It's been a very busy week at work, but I'm doing interesting things. I've deployed a new Application Gateway from scratch, and I'm setting up new workloads from the bottom up. This means I have to set up the pipelines and write all the code for the required infrastructure such as virtual networks and private dns zones. When that is deployed I deploy a new AKS cluster for the workload which also involves quite a lot of steps because I need to make a bunch of network peerings and add new firewall rules. But it's quite exciting work and it is fun to set things up from scratch.

On Thursday I traveled to the Fullstaq office to attend an all-company meeting, where the leadership announced that we're becoming a part of [The Digital Neighborhood](https://www.thedigitalneighborhood.com/), which is an interesting development. I think it can lead to even more knowledge sharing and career opportunities within the group.

On Friday I started expermenting with using ChatGPT and Azure OpenAI with my own data. I listened to an [interesting podcast](/zet/podcast-azure-openai/) which inspired me to try out Azure OpenAI and build something myself. 

I created a fun project where I took the Collected Teachings of Ajahn Chah and fed it to my custom ChatGPT instance. I made [a video about the project.](/zet/video-azure-openai-chah-first-demo/)

## Exercise & Weight Loss

I set a new 10K PR this Saturday and I've been going out for my morning runs steadily this week. 

I'm struggling a bit with the weight loss. On the company meeting there was tasty food being offered and I overate, and on Saturday I attended a meeting where there was junk food available and I ate some sugary treats and carbohydrate rich foods. This immediately led to poorer sleep as well, so it was a valuable lesson that it is always better to stick to the programme.

## Content Consumption

### Reading

I'm making progress in Gridlinked. It is an interesting story so far and I'm enjoying my relaxation time in the evenings by reading fiction again.

### Watching

Almost no YouTube watching this week, but on Friday I started to experiment with using ChatGPT with your own data. 

https://youtu.be/9AXP7tCI9PI

### Listening

Working through this interesting conversation between Lex Fridman and Marc Andreessen

https://podcasts.apple.com/nl/podcast/lex-fridman-podcast/id1434243584?i=1000617915020

[Azure OpenAi](/zet/podcast-azure-openai/)

## Links

# Next Week

## Goals & Intentions

- [ ] 5 runs in MAF zone
- [ ] 65min long run
- [ ] Two morning runs of 6km+
- [ ] Full Blueprint adherence
- [ ] 1 video, 1 blog post
* [ ] Reduce perceived work stress


## Links:

202307160907
