---
title: 2023 week 40
date: 2023-10-08
tags:
- weeknotes
---

Missed a few weeknotes due to holidays but today I felt like writing one again.

I started a new consultancy gig at Van Oord this week. They gave me a warm welcome and after a few days of setting everything up and waiting for some accounts I look forward to get productive next monday. I'll be working in an Azure environment with Kubernetes clusters that need some love and there will be much room to develop my skillset while making contributions to the company.

## Exercise & Weight Loss

After transitioning to barefoot shoes I'm now running 4km about 3-4 times a week. My achilles tendons hurt a bit but otherwise the transition is going well.

## Content Consumption

### Reading

I abaondoned the Polity series and sci-fi project for know and started re-reading The Last Kingdom series instead. I love reading about Uthred and his adventures in England around 860AD. It's been years since I've read them and I've forgotton most of the story. I find myself particulary interested by King Alfred the Great.

### Gaming

Last week I met an old friend and he showed me the Magic The Gathering collection that he amassed over the years. I used to play when I was a kid and it spawned a wave of nostalgia. He invited me to some tabletop / magic game nights that he regularly does with his friends which was very kind of him. It's something I've always wanted to discover but I never found the right group.

When I came home I started searching the internet about MTG and I discovered MTG Arena and I've been re-learning the game and it has been quite fun.

This Sunday I still felt very tired from the first week at the new workplace. It's always a lot of stimualtion and impulses to process for me and I forced myself to do absolutely nothing this weekend. So this sunday I played MTG Arena all day and now that I'm writing these weeknotes on sunday evening I feel very calm, relaxed and recharged, ready for the new work week. 

### Listening

Listening to Tyr a lot.

## Links:

202310082110
