---
title: 2023 week 32
date: 2023-08-13
tags:
- weeknotes
---

One week closer to my Norwegian Holiday Adventure and it's noticable that it occupies my thoughts a lot, in a positive sense. I've felt very energetic all week, only sleeping 6 hours or less whereas I usually need 7-8 hours, but still feeling great. I've started to make big smoothies in the morning again with lots of raw veggies, leafy greens and fruits, and I think it is the right thing for my body right now. Running also went well, I ran 15km in 1 hour 40 minutes in the coastal woods. It started raining very heavily about halfway through the run and it was an amazing experience to feel the forest soak up the rain as I ran through.

I'm making significant breakthroughs in my personal practice. I'm starting an approach of intuitive eating and listening to hunger signals which has been quite liberating and beneficial so far. I'm curious to see where this will take me.

Another very positive thing this week is that my meditation practice has increased significantly all by itself. It is related to the sleep as well. Either I meditate more because I sleep less, or I sleep less because I meditate. Meditation can be incredibly restorative and I've had periods in the past where I slept only 4,5 hours a day when the meditation was going well. This week i've been sitting 1-3 hours a day and it feels great. Waking up feeling you **need** to meditate is such a lovely experience. 

## Content Consumption

### Reading

Making progress in Born to Run. Haven't read any sci-fi. 

Also scanned through "The PlantPower Way" by Rich Roll and "The Longevity Diet" by Dr. Longo

Very interesting material that I look forward to explore further in the coming weeks.

### Watching

Watching a lot of barefoot running content. I had a stint of barefoot running several years ago but I miss it a lot and I want to get back into it.

### Listening

Listened to some very inspirational podcasts by Tony Riddle on the Rich Roll podcast

https://www.richroll.com/podcast/tony-riddle-717/

https://www.richroll.com/podcast/tony-riddle-463/

These came just at the right time. I think my Norwegian holiday will be the perfect time to start rewilding again. In Norway I was very much connected with Nature, always out and about and often walking barefoot in the forests. 

I lost touch with that side of my after I moved back to the Netherlands because I focused so hard on my IT career. Now that my career is on track, I want to move my life in a more natural direction again.

## Links

# Next Week

## Goals & Intentions

- [ ] Finish all Norwegian holiday preparations
- [ ] Hang several times a day
- [ ] Squat several times a day (resting squat)
- [ ] Take mindful walks in minimalist footwear
- [ ] Keep meditation quantity up
- [ ] Run 5 times, 16km on Saturday

## Links:

202308130908
