---
title: 2023 week 44
date: 2023-11-08
tags:
- weeknotes
---

# My Week

Quite a busy week with a lot of social interactions and volunteer work that took up a chunk of time and energy.

In the weekend I did my first MTG draft with friends which was a great experience.

## Exercise & Weight Loss

Steadily doing 5k's on minimal footwear. Holiday season is leading to an increase of eating foods which I should not be eating.

## Learning

Making steady progress with my AZ-700 course. I'm at 75% now and will be planning my exam soon. 

Also learning a lot at work. I wrote custom helm charts for Azure Metrics Exporter so we can deploy it with akv2k8s secrets, and I'm digging in to the NGINX Ingress Controller because it needs updates due to new CVE's.

## Playing

Steady grinding on MTG Arena and did my first paper draft with friends. It was a great experience and I was glad that I took the time to prepare myself in the past few weeks by studying drafting, watching draft guides and doing a few drafts online.

I won 7 games and lost 6 which is actually much better than I expected because these guys have been playing this game for a very long time.

Next week I'll be participating in my first prerelease event.

## Reading

Finished the Lords of the North and now continuing into Sword Song. I'm reading at least an hour a day and I look forward to it every day, it is such an amazingly engaging story.

## Watching

Watching draft guides and MTG content about the upcoming set release of Lost Caverns of Ixalan.

I got a channel tip from a friend at the draft: NumotTheNummy. I'm learning a lot by watching his drafts and he uploads consistently so I think I'll follow him for a while to see how he approaches the new set.

## Listening

Not listening to any podcasts lately.


## Links:

202311080511

[[weeknotes]]
