---
title: 2023 Week 25
date: 2023-06-25
tags:
- Weeknotes
---

# Week 25

## My Week

It has been a very busy week! On Tuesday I attended the Dutch Azure Meetup where I saw a presentation of the Azure Cloud Journey of the NS, which is the national Dutch train company, where I currently work. It was very insightful and nice to connect with colleagues and meet new people.

Went to the Beyond Blue office on Wednesday, and on Thursday I attended a Knowledge Atrium session at Microsoft Headquarters in Amsterdam. What an experience! I witnessed a really cool demonstration of GitHub Copilot, and received other presentations about Azure Always On and Virtual Network Manager. I was very inspired by all of the new features and upcoming changes, and I felt the energy to start producing some more content again on my blog and YouTube channel.

I managed to create two videos and I typed out a couple of blog posts which I will release next week probably.

## Exercise & Weight Loss

After the festival and routine disruption from last week, it was hard getting back into the regime because I was having such a busy week at the same time. 

However, I managed to go for 4 runs in the early mornings nonetheless, and I did a 45 minute long run of 7km on Saturday morning. So I'm definitely getting back on track.

My weight has dropped a bit from losing water weight, but I've stalled otherwise. The meetups and social engagments all had delicious food offerings, but I've been very strong and I completely prepped out all of my food beforehand and I stuck to that program. However, I did eat a few extra handfuls of nuts here and there, so I have been in a caloric deficit for only half the week. Still adjusting.

## Content Consumption

### Reading

Started reading "The Simple Path to Wealth". Very insightful so far. Also finished reading "The Richest Man in Babylon"

### Watching

Not much time to watch videos. But I did create two videos after quite a break from my YouTube channel.

### Listening

Mostly listening to Dutch personal finance podcasts.

## Links

# Next Week

I will attend Azure Lowlands on Thursday and I'm really looking forward to that! Otherwise the week seems much more quiet and I don't have any other engagements planned for a change. I hope to finish up on some lingering chores and maybe create some more content.

## Goals & Intentions

- [ ] Focus on caloric deficit
- [ ] 5 runs, 50min long run
- [ ] Reduce stress
- [ ] Improve sleep



## Links:

202306251806
