---
title: 2023 week 22
date: 2023-06-04
tags:
- Weeknotes
---

# Week 22

## My Week

It has been a busy week with two office days. Committing to an exercise routine of at least 1 hour a day before work and ensuring optimal nutrition is taking up a lot of time, but it is of course all worth it.

To ensure appropriate nutrient intake, and inspired by Bryan Johnson's Blueprint, I started meal prepping again. I was resistant to this because I prefer my food to be freshly prepared every day, but it is time consuming and the increased business of my schedule does not allow for this currently.

## Exercise & Weight Loss

I'm making good progress. I lost 0.4kg this week, average weight: 76.23kg

Adjusting my macros to higher fats and less carbohydrates seems to leave me more satiated after meals.

In terms of running, I'm making good progress too. 

# Week 22 - 7

- Easy Run 1 Mon 32min
- Easy Run 2 Tue 31min
- Easy Run 3 Thu 31min
- Easy Run 4 Fri 30min
- Long Run   Sat 43min

* Total distance: 26,06km

I started focusing on staying in the right HR zone (131 -141, zone 2) and increasing my cadence. And it worked! Most runs this week were at an average SPM between 162 and 167. I have to run a lot faster than I'm used to in order to get to this HR/cadence, and I need to put in a lot more effort, but it does give good results. The runs are shorter because of this, but I now do a 15 minutes of warming up with walking and 10 minutes of cooling down walking, which are not added to these numbers. It now feels more like running than jogging. As expected a lower total distance this week, this is now my new baseline to build on.

## Content Consumption

### Reading

I started reading "Finding Ultra", Rich Roll's biography a few weeks ago, but I picked it up again. 

The Endurance Handbook, dr. Phil Maffetone

### Watching

The Anti-Aging Protocol To REVERSE AGING & Live Over 120+ YEARS OLD | Bryan Johnson 

https://youtu.be/j_AtQ6N4jQc

### Listening

Eat To Win with dr. Phil Maffetone

* eating fat will make you feel more satisfied
* eating refined carbohydrates with meal will make you feel hungry very quickly again. I noticed this myself!

https://trailrunnernation.com/2013/05/dr-phil-maffetone/

Crush It As A Plant-Based Athlete | Rich Roll Podcast 

* not very enlightening, but inpirational to hear their achievements
* nice to hear how much the plant based community has grown since the early days

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLQWsa_Of8o

Tackle Goals Like A Navy SEAL: Chadd Wright | Rich Roll Podcast 

* inspiring to hear his full dedication to his goal to become a navy seal
* breaking things up in smaller chunks: running from telephone pole to telephone pole
* he applies this to everything in life

https://youtu.be/vPktBJzi88g

## Links

https://blueprint.bryanjohnson.co/#step-1-meal-prep

# Next Week

## Goals & Intentions

- [ ] Increase average sleep to 8h, anything above 7h is acceptable
- [ ] Stick to new meal prep routine
- [ ] Reduce time spent on preparing / thinking about food, let the system handle it
- [ ] Reduce perceived stress and time pressure
- [ ] 5 runs in MAF zone
- [ ] 5Omin long run
- [ ] More meditation

## Links:

202306040906
