---
title: Outlining My First Go Project
date: 2023-04-08
tags:
- Go
- Coding
- Kubernetes
- Cloud-Native
- Agile
---

When learning a programming language it is important to start building things quickly and to begin applying the theory. I have a tendency to dive into the books and lose myself in the theory, where I should be getting hands on experience. 

Over the past few months I've generated a bunch of ideas for projects that I want to write, and I selected my first project today. 

https://github.com/mischavandenburg/twitter-cli

https://twitter.com/mischa_vdburg

# Twitter CLI

Programs should solve a problem. My problem has to do with Twitter. I recently created a Twitter account, and I want to make a tweet whenever I publish something new on my website. I'm currently doing this by hand, and that needs to stop, obviously. 

There are bots out there for this, but I want to build it myself. I've created the following user stories for my project.

## User Story 1

> As a user, I need a command that I can run from a bash shell that will post the standard input to my Twitter account

## User Story 2

> As a user, I need a command that I can run from a bash shell that will take the latest post from the RSS feed generated by my blog and post it to Twitter

## Concepts

By writing this program I'll need to figure out the following problems in Go:

* Taking input from the command line
* Authenticating to the Twitter API
* Making a POST request to the Twitter API 
* Curling an RSS feed
* Looping over / reading XML / HTML data
* Transforming that data to a suitable format to post to Twitter

# Expansion

This will be a good start for my project and will keep me busy for a while. When I solved the previous problems I can use the result and expand further. Some thoughts about further expansion:

## RSS Feeds

I can use the skills I learn to start crawling Reddit feeds and filter them for keywords. I can automatically generate a curated selection from Reddit which will be easier to consume and will save me time by only serving me content that I might think is interesting to me, based on keywords.

## Database

I want to learn more about using databases on Kubernetes and how to interact with databases using Go. For this I'd like to store my RSS feed into a database and keep track of information in the database. I could track whether an article has been posted to Twitter and when. 

## Bot

Rather than posting my latest blog post to Twitter by manually running a command, I should have a bot scanning my blog and posting to Twitter when it detects a new article. Or I could trigger the bot whenever I make a push to my blog repo. 

In any case, I want to have an application running on a server. I'm making plans to start up a proper home lab and this will be a perfect use case to start running on my home Kubernetes cluster. 

## Links:
202304081304

https://github.com/mischavandenburg/twitter-cli

https://twitter.com/mischa_vdburg

[[go]]

[[go-twitter-cli-project]]

